[CECILY]
C'mon, Aria! Keep running!
[ARIA]
'Kay.
Guess there's no
avoiding this fight.
Aria. Go find someplace
you'll be safe.
Right! Be careful.
[DORIS yells]
[CECILY yells]
[CECILY grunts]
Watch out!
Who are you?
I've had about enough of this!
Now show yourselves!
Three against one
is hardly a fair fight!
She's right about that.
We'll let you handle this one.
[PENELOPE] We'll be watching
from the sidelines
if you need us.
[DORIS]
Don't worry about me.
I've got this covered.
This shouldn't take long.
Here goes!
[DORIS yells]
Not too bad, but I betcha
can't keep this up
much longer.
[DORIS grunts]
Cecily! Are you all right?
Just a flesh wound.
Please. Let me help
you with this.
No, I can't do that!
You're too powerful to be
used against humans.
I mean, they should be
punished for attacking us
out of nowhere like that.
But even they don't deserve
to face a Demon Sword!
Aw, c'mon!
Less talking, more fighting.
Don't you remember
what you told me before?
You said you wanted to use
my power to protect people.
As your partner, it is
my duty to help you.
Well, since you
put it that way...
I'd be happy to have your help.
[ARIA] I call on the powers that
be. Reveal the truth within.
Awaken the power of wind.
Awaken and slay God.
I am a member
of the Knight Guards,
appointed protectors of the
Independent Trade Cities
of Housman!
My name is Cecily Cambell!
Wow, nice introduction.
[CECILY] I demand to know
why you and your comrades
attacked me.
[DORIS] We don't give
a crap about you, lady.
All we want is the Demon
Sword you're holding.
[CECILY]
No way.
[DORIS] Why don't you go
ahead and just hand it over.
Forget it!
Oh, yeah?
Guess I'll have to
take it by force.
[CECILY]
I wouldn't if I were you!
If I use this sword,
one of us isn't walking away.
[DORIS] That supposed to
scare me or something?
Kinda.
Lemme show you what mine can do.
[DORIS yells]
[CECILY]
Her-- her sword.
Why's it so powerful?
Ha!
I thought for sure that blast
was gonna be the end of you.
[CECILY]
But how? That can't be.
I'm a loyal guardian of
the Princess Charlotte.
My name is Doris.
And my buddy here...
Demon Sword of Earth!
The Claymore!
[LISA]
♪ I work for a blacksmith, ♪
♪ and this is my song ♪
♪ He makes me swing
a hammer all day long ♪
♪ Kling, klack, bing, bong,
kling, klack, bing, bong! ♪
[CHARLOTTE]
Excuse me?
Hey, you!
[LISA yelps]
Is this the blacksmith
shop called Lisa?
Uh, yes, it is.
Here you go.
The blacksmith should
be here any minute now.
Thank you.
[LUKE]
What do you want, kid?
[CHARLOTTE] I'm looking for
the owner of this shop.
A blacksmith named
Luke Ainsworth.
Are you him?
Yeah.
My name is
Charlotte E. Frobisher.
It's nice to meet you, Luke.
Did you say "E"?
What's a child of the
Emperor doing here?
[CHARLOTTE]
I've got great news for you.
I need a good blacksmith,
so I'm taking you back
to the Empire with me.
Are you really going?
Not in a million years.
I'm afraid you don't have
any say in the matter.
You're coming with me.
Now pack up your
things and let's go.
[LUKE]
Uh-uh.
I'm sorry, I'm not familiar
with the humor of commoners.
I wasn't trying to be funny.
Nobody ever says
no to me, you got it?!
You are coming with me,
even if I have to take you
by force!
I'd like to see that!
My guards are hunting
down the Demon Sword
of Wind for me as we speak.
I'd hate to get violent,
but I will if you push me!
Whassamatter, girly?
Why you holding back?
We're both using Demon
Swords, so it's a fair fight!
Wow. That was awesome.
I'm holding back now, but
I can't promise anything
if we keep this up!
[DORIS]
Fine by me!
Say what?
It's time to get
this party started!
[CECILY screams]
[CHARLOTTE]
Where do you think you're going?
Trying to get away from you!
I've asked you nicely,
but next time,
you won't be so lucky!
[LUKE] I'm done playing
your games, little girl.
Get out of the way.
Fine then.
You leave me no other choice.
Now, Evadne.
[EVADNE]
I call on the powers that be.
Reveal the truth within.
Awaken, Black Flames.
She's like Aria!
Awaken and slay God!
Another one. Dammit.
Evadne is the Demon
Sword of Black Flames.
Not only can I stab you
with her super-sharp blade,
she has the power
to burn you to death!
You really should've come
with me when you had
the chance.
Lisa.
Right!
You're dead!
Wha--? I don't understand!
You can't stop her attacks with
a regular sword like yours!
How'd you do that?
'Cause I know somethin'
you don't know.
This isn't a regular sword,
it's a katana!
Stay back! No!
No, Luke!
Hey! What do you
think you're doing?
Threatening the life of the
Emperor's daughter is punishable
by death!
A Demon Sword is not a toy.
It's too dangerous for a child.
Please! I can't go
back without you
and the Demon Sword of Wind!
Please go back to
the Empire with me.
--Forget it!
--Luke!
We have to save Miss
Cecily from her guards!
[CECILY yells]
[MARGOT]
How pathetic.
I thought you said you
could handle it, Doris?
Guess I'll have to take
care of this myself.
[CECILY] And what do you
think you're going to do
from over there?
There's no way you can attack
me from that far away.
That's what you think.
I'm Margot, it's a pleasure.
And this
is Rhomphaia, Demon Sword
of the Scarlet Ray.
I avoided all your vital organs.
You can thank me later.
My, aren't you determined?
You ready for a fight
to the death?
'Cause I am!
Aria!
[MARGOT]
I can do this all day, can you?
No! How did you--?
[PENELOPE]
Time's up.
It's my turn now--
to show you how it's done.
Miss. I'll ask you nicely.
Please hand over
the Demon Sword.
You can ask all you want.
But I'll never give her to you!
What the hell?
Aria, what happened?
Answer me!
[PENELOPE]
I'm sorry, how rude of me.
Hello, my name is Penelope.
And this is my weapon of
choice, the bollock dagger.
Otherwise known as the
Demon Sword Assassin.
But how is that possible?
Aria.
Hand it over, or else!
You're not taking
this sword from me.
I won't let you!
Careful, Margot!
You don't wanna get hit!
No, wait!
[PENELOPE] Just give us
the stupid sword already!
Aria's my friend.
I'm gonna protect
her no matter--[grunts]
Why're you being so stubborn?
Just give us the sword
and we'll leave you alone.
Never.
I won't... give her to you.
You don't have
much choice, girly.
[CECILY yelling]
[DORIS] I'll say this,
you've got some serious guts.
[MARGOT] We got what we're
after, so we'll keep our word.
[PENELOPE] Princess Charlotte
is going to be so proud of us!
[CECILY]
Wait!
Aria.
Give her back.
[DORIS] You don't know
when to give up, do you?
[MARGOT]
It's time to walk away, girl.
Give her back!
Man, what a whiner.
Maybe we should just kill her.
[PENELOPE]
Ooh, I'll do it.
[thrumming]
What the hell?
[PENELOPE]
Princess Charlotte!
[LUKE grunts]
[CECILY]
Luke. It's you.
You saved me... again.
Mister Mayor, I'm sorry we
caused so much damage
in the city today.
It's fine.
Do what you must
to keep Aria safe.
That being said, try to
be a little more careful
next time.
[CECILY]
Yes, sir. Thanks, Luke, Lisa.
If it wasn't for both of you,
I'd be a dead woman.
I'm in your debt.
You're welcome.
I hope you're starting to
feel better, Miss Cecily.
I used a prayer contract to heal
the wound on your shoulder
so you should be back
to normal in no time.
[CECILY]
Thank you.
Now that you mention it,
it does feel a lot better.
I was wondering, sir.
How do you plan to
punish the three of them
for attacking us?
[CHARLOTTE]
He won't.
They're my guards, so if
anyone was to punish them,
it'd be me.
I'm sorry, do I know you?
[CHARLOTTE]
Allow me to introduce myself.
My name is Charlotte
E. Frobisher.
[CECILY]
Wha-- "E"?
That's what I said, isn't it?
All descendants of the Emperor
have an E in their name.
Hold on.
You're kidding me, right?
You're really a princess?
[CHARLOTTE]
You heard right.
I'm here to negotiate.
I want to make a trade for
the Demon Sword of Wind!
That and I want the blacksmith
to come work for me.
They're the reason
I've come to Housman,
and I won't leave without them!
You want Luke to work for you?
She's so demanding.
[HOUSMAN]
As I said, Miss Frobisher.
I cannot force him to
work for you if--
Why not? Are you the mayor,
or aren't you?
Let me put it to you
this way, young lady.
Luke has said no, therefore I
must decline your request.
'Kay, fine.
I can do without the blacksmith,
but I refuse to leave the Trade
Cities empty-handed, Mr. Mayor.
So I will be taking the Demon
Sword of Wind home with me.
Don't worry!
I promise I'll pay
a fair price for it!
I cannot agree to that either.
Now, that's enough.
The fate of a Demon Sword
will not be determined
in secret negotiations.
[CHARLOTTE] I don't see
what the big deal is.
What's a little business
between friends?
We're not doing anything wrong.
How can you call yourselves
the Independent
Trade Cities of Housman if
you're not willing to do any--
[CECILY]
Oh, would you shut up?
What did you say?
How dare you speak to
Princess Charlotte that way,
you lowly commoner!
Apologize right now!
That's enough!
I have had it with your lies!
These women brutally attacked me
to try and get their
hands on Aria, sir!
They weren't trying
to negotiate a trade--
they were attempting
to steal her from us!
And I don't appreciate the way
you're talking about Aria.
You keep saying you want
to buy her or trade her
like she's some kind of object!
Don't you see how rude that is?
That is a Demon Sword!
Whether you want
to believe it or not,
it is an object!
I'm sure that's how you
see it, but you're wrong.
She eats, sleeps and laughs
just like the rest of us.
But more importantly,
she's my friend.
And you tried to
take her from me!
Cecily.
[CECILY] Your lackeys
just followed orders--
you're the one responsible!
And you deserve to get punished!
I'm afraid we don't have
that option, Cambell.
We can't put Princess Charlotte
on trial or even discipline her.
If we did, we'd run
the risk of destroying
our relationship
with the Empire.
But sir, if we let her go,
she'll just try again,
and someone could get hurt!
Calm down.
We don't have a
choice in the matter.
As it stands,
our relations with the Empire
are shaky at best.
We can't afford to
jeopardize anything.
Someday you'll understand.
Just let it go for now, okay?
Whatever you say, sir.
Now then.
Miss Frobisher, there's
something I'd like to discuss.
I can't help being a little
suspicious of you.
Especially given how you
ordered your guards to attack.
What are you trying to say?
I mean no insult here,
but how can we be sure
that you are indeed
the Emperor's daughter?
You doubt her?
I apologize, but I
must be certain.
I cannot imagine the
Emperor would place
his own child in danger
to do his bidding.
So please, do you have any
sort of proof of your lineage?
What is that?
It's a special sword that
is given only to those
who have the royal initial E.
My mother was a commoner,
but the Emperor
took a liking to her.
They fell in love,
and then I came along.
When the queen found
out about their affair,
she became insanely jealous.
So she banished us
from the imperial court.
If the Emperor would simply
recognize me as his child,
my mother and I would be
able to return to the Empire.
We could go home.
My mother gave me this sword.
She said it was handed down
to me by the Emperor himself.
I only hope it's enough to prove
my imperial status to you.
I am going to hold on to this.
I'll contact the Emperor
and confirm its authenticity.
Hopefully, his response
will validate your standing.
Thank you very much,
Mayor Housman.
But Princess Charlotte!
He's been so rude; you don't
have anything to prove to him!
All I want is for my
mother and I to be able
to go home again,
and I'll do anything
to make that happen.
Even if that means I have
to give up something
very precious to me.
Princess.
[CHARLOTTE]
Don't worry.
I have faith the Emperor will
finally recognize me
as his daughter.
[DORIS] I sure hope
you're right about this.
Well, since you'll
be staying a while,
I should reserve you
a room at the local inn.
One more thing, I'll have
to ask that you ladies
leave your Demon Swords
with us for the duration.
[CHARLOTTE]
That's fine.
I completely understand--
I trust that you'll
keep them safe.
But don't worry about the inn.
If you don't mind I'd prefer to
stay at the lady knight's house!
Why would you wanna
stay at my house?
Because you're a knight,
which means
you're also a noblewoman.
I figure you must be living
it up in the lap of luxury.
You're crazy if you think
I'm gonna let you stay
with me after what you did.
Don't worry,
we'll cover your expenses.
What? But sir!
[CECILY grunts]
[CHARLOTTE] Even if her place
is a dump, it's got to be better
than a cheap inn.
[MARGOT]
I certainly hope so.
[DORIS] Whatever, long
as I get my own bed.
[PENELOPE] I can't wait
to take a warm bath!
If they end up dead,
don't look at me.
You know, I have a maid
at home who cooks.
[DORIS]
I can't wait.
Thanks to you, I worked
up an appetite earlier.
Oh, like that was my fault?
Calm down, lady knight.
If they hadn't attacked you,
then we wouldn't be friends now.
We're friends?
Musta missed that part.
[MARGOT]
Jeez. Just get over it already.
What do you think, Princess?
Any idea what you want
to order for dinner?
There's no need to
make a decision, silly.
Excuse me.
I'd like to order one of
everything on your menu, please!
You can pack it away, too?
Oh, wait. I don't have enough
on me to cover all that!
I don't even have pockets!
Forget about it.
It looks like we're going
to be staying with you
for a while.
So the least I can
do is pay for dinner.
[DORIS]
Whoa! Look at all this!
It's my lucky day!
Doris, could you please
mind your manners?
[MARGOT] Those are manners at a
commoner restaurant like this.
You're right, I didn't
think about that.
Yummy! This may be the
best meal I've ever had!
Oop, got a little somethin'.
[CHARLOTTE] You don't have
to treat me like a little kid,
Margot!
Have seconds!
You need to eat so
you'll grow up strong.
And there's more than
enough here so dig in!
[DORIS]
There ya go!
This is the most
magnificent feast ever!
[DORIS]
Chow down!
[ALL laugh]
Thanks, it was divine.
Uh... Miss, we have
a problem here.
Did I pay too much?
Don't worry about it,
my good man.
You can just keep the
change for yourself, okay?
Yeah, thanks, but these
three lousy copper coins
won't even cover the bill.
[CHARLOTTE]
Uh, what?!
Um, okay, we need
a plan. Doris?
Uh, um... Margot?
Uh... Penelope?
Remember how we got lost and
it took us some extra time
to get here? I guess we must
have spent all our money
on lodging and travel expenses.
Yeah, you're right.
There's only one thing
we can do now!
Go ahead and put it
on our tab, please!
On your tab? Okay.
And who'll be
responsible for this tab?
The lady knight.
She'll cover it.
[CECILY gasps]
[CASHIER]
Hm, Cambell House again, right?
That's one hell of a
bill you've got goin'.
Excuse me. Could you
add this as well, sir?
Aw! That's no fair, I want one!
[DORIS] Well, if you're
getting somethin'.
[MARGOT] And this would
make a great souvenir!
[PENELOPE] Oh, wait,
how about one of these?
[CHARLOTTE]
Just put it all on our tab.
[CECILY] Princess, you are
one royal pain in the ass!